Oh
I love you Wade Wilson we can fight this
you're right the cancer is only my liver
lungs prostate and brain all things I
can live without what if I told you we
can make you better
you're a fighter we can give you
abilities most men only dream of make
you a superhero will you just promise
you'll do right by me so I can do right
by someone else and please don't make
the supersuit green or animated one
thing that never survives this place is
a sense of humor we'll see about that
posh spice oh come on you know leave me
all alone here with less angry Rosie
O'Donnell I wanna thank your mother for
what
wait you may be wondering why the red
suit well that's so bad guys can't see
me bleed this guy's got the right idea
he wore the brown pants daddy needs to
express some rage
enemy better how many cuts up
[Music]
it reeks like old lady pants in here
sounds like you have a dick in your
mouth Oh you are hard to
look at like a testicle with teeth you
look like Freddy Krueger face-fucked a
topographical map of Utah
exactly
came out the place stay
oh I'm touching myself tonight you are
you look like an avocado had sex with an
older avocado thank you